App Template

= Web development =

== Make a Backend ==

- [O] Skeleton 
  - [X] Give access by creating a location in the proxy server 
  - [O] Create Structure
    - [X] git, gitignore, robots.txt
    - [X] npm init -y
      - [X] express, cors, body-parser 
    - [O] Server Folder
      - [O] src
        - [X] config/
          - [X] server.js
        - [X] index.js
        - [X] db/
          - [X] controllers/
          - [X] services/
      - [X] dist
     
=== Use modern javascript ===
    - [X] npm install --save-dev babel-cli babel-preset-es2015 nodemon
    - [X] make a package.json script
    - [X] create a .babelrc file and include presets
      - [X] or just include in package.json
    - [X] gitignore dist
    - [X] create build and dev scripts in package json
  - [X] Setup test endpoint

=== Contact Mailer api ===
  - [X] npm i --save nodemailer 
  - [X] create controller and endpoint
  - [X] test in postman
  
=== Make a User ===
  - [X] create a database 
  - [X] npm i --save mysql sequelize sequelize-cli 
  - [X] sequelize init
    - [X] change config data
  - [X] create sequelizerc
  - [X] create an npm script for migrations
  - [X] use sequelize generator and create user model
  - [X] run migrations from config folder

=== Login/Registration === 
  - [ ] npm i passport passport-local --save 
  - [ ] create a passport file
  - [ ] import and add policy, middleware to index.js
   
   
   
    
== Make the Frontend ==

- [X] Completed
  - [X] Directory Structure
    - [X] public
      - [X] app
        - [X] components
      - [X] dist
      - [X] src
    
=== livingstyle guide ===    
  - [ ] npm i --save livingcss 
  - [ ] build the livingscss.js file
  - [ ] build an npm script

=== Webpack ===
    - [X] npm install webpack --save-dev 
    - [X] create a config file 
    - [X] create entry file
    - [X] install modules for babel
    - [X] configure the webpck config for the modules
    - [X] npm i --save angular
  
 



Javascript
Angular
Sequelize
CSS
Jquery

What are some high level concepts that are transferrable between these?
They all use frameworks


TODO:
Build a basic framework for each of these from scratch. 
Discover areas where you find hard to recall.  Why are they hard?

Build them in the context of subjects you like or are interested in.

Learn a technique that is transferable or has sustainability.

Teach what you learned. In your words.



RESEARCH:
how to make something very important while learning something

what are subjects you like?
Guitar
Art
Learning
Martial Arts
Farming
Architecture







